Comments First Draft of Act One of “A Girl and her Dogs”

Anthony:

I have some formatting suggestions but I’ll save those for future drafts. My comments will focus more on suggestions that might help fine-tune what you already have in the hopes of maybe informing scenes in act two and three.
Dave and Sandra have an interesting relationship. Some of the dialogue between them works really well. I get that they aren’t supposed to be entirely likeable, they seem so self-centered and money obsessed that it makes sense that El would not want to talk to them but they did adopt her for a reason -there should be some redeeming quality there. Maybe they know of Sheen and her artistic abilities, seeing a sort of possible kinship between El and Her. They could hint that she could dog sit for her, maybe in an attempt to expose her to someone with like tastes to help her though this hard time because they know they are failing in connecting with her.
I think you have to write what is going on in the absurdist cartoon and break up that dialog with specific imagery from that cartoon. I think it opens a lot of possibilities for your character. This is the first time we are really exposed to how she thinks and I think it can answer some questions and do some character history without being expository. I think the way she sees this cartoon should be informed by what Hugh is saying and some previous impressions of her day and her life.  Look for moments where you can fuse the narrative of Hugh with specific memories that seep into what she is trying to envision. This will show how it is not entirely possible to escape all our dark thoughts like guilt or fear, which will speak directly to some of the themes you want to explore. I think that conflicting juxtaposition would be an interesting narrative moment. Have cartoon versions of the bullies find their way into the cartoon at the most absurd of Hugh’s narrative, maybe some type of imagined revenged can be depicted through  the cartoon version of his old-man ramblings, especially any that hint at any kind of violence. Maybe we can learn something about her parents….
It might be interesting to have El feel responsible in some way for her parent’s death. Maybe they were all in a car accident and only El lived. Maybe El was talking and talking and talking, begging and excited to show mom a picture, maybe the one small moment her mom took her eyes off the road was enough for the crash to happen. This would add weight to her silence and for her need to solve Sheen’s - a murder that she might also feel responsible for -thus creating a drive to solve. Maybe there’s a scene where Sheen gives El the key to lock up the house and she never did – then she sees the cops, looks at the key and boom, shit, another person I care about is dead because of me. She’ll feel a need to prove to herself it wasn’t her fault this time. Possible character motivation. *I have a possible resolution to this idea later in the comments* Plus it would explain why she does not speak. She seems to have no problem communicating with people though her notebook. She chooses not to speak. I think the viewer might need to know why in this case, especially if any type of resolution deals with her speaking in some way towards the end of the screenplay.
Back to cartoon idea. An example of how the idea might work with a bit of dialogue. Hugh says “She wants to live to her last breath though. Keep her alive. That’s what she says anyway. And never let anyone cut into her or take any kidneys or livers. She don’t want her liver to end up in a gay. And she don’t want to end up in the ground. She said she wants to get cooked up, turned to ash, and I gotta keep her in the house.” Have some kind of dream narrative that fuses what he is saying with quick cartoon shots of the El’s grieving process, maybe all the cutting away of organs and what happens after death El applies through the lens of the crazy cartoon. Hugh can talk about what El imagines her mother’s corpse might have gone though. Just a suggestion. The cartoon idea opens up a lot of possibilities for character.
Sheen’s graffiti wall could also inform her character some. We won’t get a lot of her so what we know and what we like have to come quickly. Have some of her art be reflective of where she’s at and where she’s going but not in an overhanded way. Could hint at her relationship with the yellow corvette person, her struggles with addiction, her zest for life despite it. Would reinforce this idea that she and El have a bond, a similar way of expressing themselves. As an audience it wouldn’t feel cheap or easy, it would be proof of the connection we are supposed to see from them outside the connection we already see in their dialogue. Also, maybe El finds Gary’s phone number written on pencil somewhere on the wall.  Like something reading “For a goodtime Call Gary and then the number…this could be reflective of her sense of humor and how self-aware she might be about her drug problem.
I think yellow corvette and Gary should remain two different people. I’m stuck on how he’ll fit in but he does at least need to serve as a red herring. It might be best if yellow corvette and Sheen  have a complicated relationship history. Maybe ex-lovers, maybe went to rehab together, maybe failing together. Have yellow corvette drive by the house during the “murder” scene, maybe El eyes it with a vengeful eye.
*Possible future resolution if you go with guilt stemming from parent’s death. El learns that accidents happen (if you embrace Sheen’s accidently over-dose). Maybe towards the movie’s climax Gary is so racked with quilt that he attempts to kill himself. El walks in on him attempting to do something (I see a hanging) and she is able to stop him and does.  She sees a connection, a new kindship with Gary, she knows this guilt. She’s felt it. She saved someone from succumbing to it. Did she save herself in the process? *
I don’t have any useful comments yet for the talking to dog gimmick yet. I don’t mean gimmick to sound problematic. As long as there is some variation of the idea that corresponds with El’s growth I feel it could work out quite well. I love the subtitle idea. Visually it’s a nice moment, especially the first time we see it.
That’s all I got for now. I think you have a great start and some great possibilities here. I’ll be happy to look over any future draft. I hope this was helpful.

Aaron Avis

