

BRAD
HEY HOW’S IT GOING?



Police sirens flash across EL’s (14) panicked face. Tropical vegetation surrounds her. Vines claw her flesh, then start to swallow her whole. 


	El slouches on the couch, a cellphone gripped in her hands. The morning sun beams through the blinds behind her. 
	Across from her, on two almost touching love-seats, sit two almost touching step-parents, SANDRA (43) and DAVE (39). Sandra dons formal wear, and Dave…well, Dave’s still in his pajamas. In both of their hands, they hold a folder stuffed with paperwork. 
	Sandra and Dave shuffle through the papers and stumble over their words in attempt to explain to El she needs to get some part-time work, citing her being of age and Dave’s recent unemployment (as well as character building benefits, but it just seems like they’re reaching with that one).
	El cringes like ice cream striking an over-exposed tooth at each of their suggestions. 
	Sandra lets Dave give a few suggestions. Dave offers some wrapped in compliments, dodging any sort of confrontation. 
	A dog fight breaks out somewhere close, breaking the silence. El types into her phone, hesitates, then sends them her suggestion: “dog walking?”
	Sandra and El leave the apartment at the same time, Sandra hurries in front of and passes El. 
	Sandra takes off in her car leaving El alone in the parking lot.
	GARY (29), standing near his pick-up truck, spittle dripping pit-bull in tow, argues with a group of tattered migrant workers. They all speak in Spanish. 
	Gary orders the group to grab a specific member and force him down onto his knees.
	Gary barks a command and the dog goes to town on the kneeled man.
	El, absent of fear, exits the parking lot the opposite way. 
	A yellow race-car zips into the parking lot and careens past El almost clipping her. She spins to see the car do a one-hundred-and-eighty degree rubber burning spin. The yellow race-car pauses there in that position, the sound of heavy sub-bass thrashes the car and fires off nearby car alarms. 
	The suicide doors open, and SHEEN (23) barrels out of her seat screaming her top off at the driver, FRANK (27), heading towards her apartment without ever looking back at him. Sheen dresses in comfortable clothes with often opportunities for indecent exposure. Frank hops out of his seat, and yells some obscenities back, slamming a fist on top of his car. He dresses in head-to-toe yellow leather, a biker helmet conceals his face muffling his screams. 
	Frank’s head turns in El’s direction. He holds up his cellphone and points to it with a gloved finger. El’s phone blares, it’s a message from Frank: “what’re you looking at?” She spins and continues on her journey. The race-car flies by her one last time, and she just keeps her head straight down the road. 
	On the benches outside of the school playground, El builds a dog-walking flyer on her laptop during recess. 
	She paints with a brush double her size onto a canvas the size of North America, gargantuan waves crash at each side of the painting.
	While nibbling on almonds and jamming to some music via corded earbuds, a spiked volleyball slams into her laptop knocking both El and the laptop flying—she crashes into a car behind her and the car slides into the middle of the street from the impact. 
	On a beach, a group of five female uniformed bullies approach the fallen El. They laugh and joke amongst themselves, taunting El to take her serve.
	El stands up dressed in a similar uniform, but opposing colors. She holds the spiked ball in her hand, and enters the court. 
	High school teens surround the court, chanting. 
	El drops the ball into the sand, pivots on her heels and leaves the bounds.
	MIA (15), the head honcho, puts a cigarette in her mouth, everyone but EMILY (15) fumble to be the first to light Mia’s cigarette. Emily stands off to the side from the other girls, distant. Mia yells after El to come back when she’s ready to face them.
	El hurries down the road, and enters the school.
	El, bleeding, finishes her flyer and prints it in the school library.
	Leaving school grounds. She runs down a block, darts down another.
	She enters a Publix parking lot, then into their store. She walks past a few aisles, notices something, then darts past a specific aisle. She peaks down the aisle she thought she saw something down, and she was right, it’s HUGH (78), the local New York Jewish…zombie. He stumbles down the aisle in El’s direction, and she ducks and runs for the exit, there she hangs a flyer.
	El continues her trek home, stopping at the local bakery. 
	El enters the bakery, but the bakery is a televangelized church. The bakery attendant, SHARON (51), argues with Sheen. Sharon shames Sheen for her offensive outfits and vile tattoos. She calls on the pastor to exorcize Sheen of her sins.
	Sheen listens, and responds only with a laugh—she takes her buttered roll, hands off her cash, then leaves unfazed, passing off a casual “good luck!” to El as she passes. 
	While Sharon hands off El’s ‘usual,’ she tries to convince El to join her for mass this Sunday. El first types into her phone that she couldn’t make it, but then agrees, as long as Sandra lets her. Sharon says she’ll reach out to El’s mom, and El reminds Sharon that Sandra is most certainly not her mom. 
	El whips out of the bakery, Sheen stumbles in the distance.
	Sheen waits at the same bus-stop as El, El waits much further away though, afraid to make contact. 
	The bus arrives after some time passes. Sheen hops on, El goes on after her with a safe distance. Sheen goes to the back of the bus. As El goes for her own seat, she notices Hugh (no one sits around him)—so she tries to obscure her face and hurry past him without him seeing her.  She finds herself a seat in what she assumes to be a safe distance from Hugh’s obnoxious trajectory.
	El watches Sheen daydream out the window, all the while peaking to see if Hugh has caught her yet. However, Hugh is currently distracting the bus driver. Sheen, having caught her reflection in the mirror, straightens out her messy hair. 
	A pleading scream from the bus driver for Hugh to leave him alone makes El vulnerable to Hugh’s attention. Hugh, bored now, spots El, and he beckons for her to come over and sit by him. El hesitates, trying to ignore him—but Hugh makes sure you know when he’s talking to you. El allows herself to be pulled into his orbit, gets up from her seat and sits down in a seat one away from Hugh.
	Hugh lectures El on how hard his life was and is and will be.
	The lecture continues on rambling as they get off the bus at their stop and walk down the street, El now carrying the majority of Hugh’s grocery bags. People turn and run from them as if Hugh was poisonous.
	BARB (69), Hugh’s partner, meets them by the door dressed in dark robes. She thanks El with a handful of change (a mix of currency from different lands, old and new), all the while careful to not pass the threshold of the doorway or make physical contact with El. El asks Barb if they’d like her to walk their dog, but Barb declines. Behind them as their interaction takes place, Sheen enters her apartment drawing their attention. Barb comments on how she would kill to have Sheen’s youth, how she used to know someone who could preserve youth by sacrificing young woman. El drops down for a goodbye with their dog, he tells her to “run!” in subtitles.
	El drops her belongings off near the entryway at her apartment, she reaches into her backpack, pulls out the printed flyers, closes the door, then hurries across the external second floor hall, down a flight of stairs, around a corner, and into an alcove housing the apartment complexes mailboxes. 
	MYLO (26), one of four Russian brothers owning and managing the apartments, comes alongside El’s flank with two potential leasers, twitching and scratching. The flyers grab their attention having hung enough to cover all of the mailboxes in their entirety. He rips El’s flyers off the wall, and warns her leasers soliciting any service is prohibited on the grounds owned by their family. He warns her any further action would result in her family having to have a talk with JULIAN (34), the brother in charge he guarantees El will not want to meet. Mylo prompts El to wave to the cameras, reminding her that they are everywhere.
	Mylo and the potential leasers continue on their journey, leaving El behind to fix the damage done. 
	JEANNIE (48), stumbles into the scene, lingering on her cellphone behind El. When she’s done with whatever occupied her, she ignores the flyers, pushing the ones on top of her mailbox to the floor, opens her mailbox, and about faces to leave the mailbox alcove. El runs around her to grab her attention. Surprised to see her, Jeannie says hello. El propositions Jeannie for dog walking, and Jeannie obliges, under one condition: as long as her good-for-nothing boyfriend hadn’t walked the dog when she got home. Jeannie assures El, her boyfriend most certainly has not. Walked the dog, that is. 
	El follows Jeannie home, and when they arrive at Jeannie’s apartment, El waits outside as Jeannie steps inside. El hears loud one-sided banshee screams from within the apartment. After a few moments of silence, Jeannie pops her head out from behind the door, cigarette and martini in hands, and congratulates El for the opportunity to walk her dog. The door closes, more screams, and El almost leaves before the door opens—Jeannie’s long manicured finger beckons El closer. And El comes within whispering distance, Jeannie asks if El knows how to access the dark web. Jeannie hears that one could purchase hitmen on the dark-web. El assures her she knows nothing about this dark-web, and slips away once rendered useless to Jeannie.
	El counts this as a win, and celebrates with herself for a split second. Voices of MICAH (20) and OMAR (20) joking loudly amongst one another cut the celebration short. El tracks them from below, runs up a flight of stairs, and intercepts them by their apartment. El asks the boys, and they’re indifferent—it’s not their dog, really, apparently. They let her into the apartment to talk to ZOE (22), and while it’s also not Zoe’s dog but TEDDY’s (23), she thinks the dog most certainly needs some exercise and would pay for El’s service permitting Teddy signs off on the matter. 
	Outside an unidentified apartment, El faces the door, hand raised, cocked to knock. She doesn’t and walks away, only to return, and then finally knock. No one comes to the door for a long eternity. El waits longer than any normal civilized human would ever wait for a door to open after being throttled, and just as she leaves, an apartment of smoke spills out from the slowly cracking apartment door behind her. The figure of Sheen appears from behind the smoke, and ALBIE, her pooch, barrels out after El tackling her to the ground and licking her face. El receives the love at first with hesitance, then with much needed appreciation. With out second thought, Sheen agrees to let El walk her dog, especially with how much Albie seems to love El.
	At dinner that night, Sandra let’s everyone know she thinks the dog walking thing isn’t really the best idea and probably will not work out. Sandra cites her reasons: the inability to be out past dark, the difficulty of collecting pay from deadbeats, and the room for slacker attitude in self-employment. El steams with anger, and as Sandra’s second tirade and glass of wine reaches its climax, El informs her step-mother about her three recent clients she just acquired. Sandra acquiesces, and gives the whole charade a two-week probation period. Dave offers El a high five, and she only kind of misses. 
	The three dogs pull El along for a ride. She has no real control, and she loves it. 
	At the dog park, the dogs run wild: a pack chase after one ball, a few play in the dirt, or play tug-of-war with rope. The dog-owners congregate underneath canopies together and talk about how amazing their dogs are. El runs along on the field playing with the dogs. El checks the time, and rounds up the gang, and leaves the dog park (albeit a struggle passing through the layer upon layer of quarantined gating systems).
	Dropping off Albie last to Sheen’s apartment, she decides to give Albie a bath with enough time to do so before dinner and before sundown. While washing Albie, he warns El that Sheen is in grave danger. Before El can further inquire, Sheen arrives home, and finds them in the bathroom. Sheen thanks El for going above and beyond, throws her a few bucks, and El tries to hurry out of the house. Before she can get out of the apartment, Sheen says, “Your dad asked for you to spend two nights at my place this weekend.” El reminds Sheen that he isn’t her dad and then exits.
	Dave and El eat dinner alone that night. He does everything in his power to avoid what he needs to tell her. He breaks the news that Sandra’s aunt died, their need for travel, her need to stay with Sheen for the weekend. El, sensing a weak target, strikes out and declines this option. But Dave says she absolutely has to go. She says she mist definitely is not going. Dave says he’ll ask Sandra.
	The next day El knocks on Sheens’s door after school. Sheen welcomes El with warmth and freshly made mac-n-cheese that she swears to be the best mac-n-cheese in the world. El can’t eat it though because she is lactose intolerant. Sheen goofed, brushes it off her shoulder—she gets a text message, promises to make her something different for dinner after taking care of something outside quick. Sheen leaves, and El settles into the apartment. She explores, but with the notion she could be caught any moment poking her nose around. She sits down at the kitchen table and it feels like home. Sheen comes back into the house, and then further stalls, needing to then use the restroom. El don’t mind however—she occupies herself with an artistic endeavor. 
	Sheen disappears for some time, and when back seems more sleepy than she was before, but also more chatty. She forgot that she had to still cook dinner for El, but El tells her she isn’t all that hungry anyway. Sheen compliments El on her drawing skills, and then shows her the art room. This sends El into a manic frenzy, she investigates all of Sheen’s pieces, diving into each an everyone one of her painting as if they were worlds all unto themselves. Sheen gets out a fresh canvas and preps some materials. El steps aside, but Sheen hands her the spray-paint. El isn’t sure what to do and Sheen reminds her of the lack of need for one specific direction. As El goes to town, Sheen excuses herself again leaving El in the room by herself. 
	El’s body, now alone, shocks to life; her arm cocks up and she sprays thick intentional bold lines on the canvas. She steps back to calculate, thinks before picking up a different color, then swoops in for another attack. El dances along waves of paint, her toes just penetrating the top layers of the pant as she runs along with her katana paintbrush, thrusting it into the canvas. El falls into the lake of paint, the door opens, and Sheen laughs at how messy El has become. Sheen propositions for a collaboration on the painting, and of course, El is quick to agree. 
	At that moment, a white stag bursts through the window. Sheen runs headlong, a large rifle  cradled in her arms and also managing to hold a flashlight in the other, into a deep and dark under brush of Floridian swampland right after that stag. El hesitates and gets left in the dark before hopping to it and barreling along with Sheen who hungers for blood. El doesn’t really keep up, but she certainly tries. The light goes out, and she loses Sheen, but only for a moment. Sheen grabs her by the arm and hushes her. The stag stand drinking from across the lake, Sheen has it in her sights. She lets the stag get away. “I like the painting the way it is.”
	The next day, Sheen takes El cruising in her car. They’re going to get manicures and pedicures, Sheen’s treat. Sheen smokes a cigarette, and they both engage with the music. Text messages barrage El’s phone, which implores Sheen to prod. El reveals a fraction of the truth regarding her bullies, and Sheen can relate. Sheen was always the poorest in school with the same shoes every year. Sheen advises El one day none of this will matter one teeny tiny bit. 
	El and Sheen lay in bed together, the light from the television on their faces. Sheen leaves the room, she’ll be right back, but leaves her phone behind. The phone lights up a few times with Sheen absent, and El sees Frank’s name pop up on the screen. Sheen returns, and then passes out. El covers her with blankets. Her phone vibrates and once again Frank’s name appears. She missed, and now what El can only assumes, ignored an extraordinary amount of his calls.
	They share one more lunch together, and the dialogue between them never ceases. 
	Dinner time with her step-parents that night on the other hand, is awfully quiet. 
	The sound of the yellow race-car barreling into the parking lot sends chills down El’s spine. She gets up from her seat at the table, and peeking through the blinds she watches Frank hop out of his car, jump up a flight of stairs and with his own key lets himself into Sheen’s apartment. He leaves the door open as he enters, and within seconds he runs back out, jumps down the flight of stairs and slips into his car before sliding out of the parking lot with maximum speed and little regard for safety or lawful driving. 
	When El sits back down, her parents probe her on what she saw. She plays dumb, she deflects, eats a few more bits, and then excuses herself, before heading out the front door and in the same direction from which Frank just exited. A walk turns into a jog, turns into a run—the blare of police sirens sends El on a direct about face running for cover. 
	The police and ambulance roll into the parking lot, locate Sheen’s apartment, and burst down her door. Albie runs out of the apartment, and down to where El hides below. Some of the locals come outside to watch the commotion. Sandra runs out of the apartment, Dave just behind her, shouting for El, trying to summon her. 
	El shows herself, and her parents quickly usher her back inside of the apartment; Albie sticks with her. Sandra scolds El, and prompts her to explain what might be going on. Sandra scolds Dave for letting their daughter go into the care of a dangerous persons such as Sheen. El urges Dave to go and find out some information from the police, and after some trouble, convinces him to do so. As Dave, opens the front door to leave, the Emergency crew wheel out Sheen’s covered body on a stretcher.  Dave tries to close the door behind him before it could be seen, but it’s too late—El and Albie catch sight of the corpse. Sandra misses out on what happened, so El and Albie’s retreat into El’s bedroom confuses her.
	Super slow zoom into an ECU: El sits stoic on her bed. Albie’s energy at first doesn’t match El’s, but soon takes a note from El and settles down next to her. Sandra tries to come into the bedroom, and grows angry when El won’t open the door for her. El continues to ignore her, then she goes away. The commotion from outside calms down, but as the noise from outside calms down, the noise inside El’s head grows louder. When we’re on El’s eyes, Dave knocks on the door, and he offers to console her if she needs any consoling, and like usual El won’t answer, but Dave doesn’t go away mad, he goes away quiet and understanding. But before he goes away, he blames himself for putting El in a dangerous situation.  
	El falls asleep for a few hours, Albie licks her face awakening her. El checks if Dave and Sandra sleep. Whilst assuring that they are, El tries to sneak out—with the front door open, Dave’s awoken to grab some water from the kitchen—El quickly closes the front door, and hides in the kitchen under the table. Dave shuts off the kitchen lights and goes back to the bedroom. 
	El successfully sneaks out of the apartment, and as she makes her to Sheen’s, across the way Gary comes barreling out of his house with bags packed in a manic panic. El hides, ducking by some railing, and as she does, she notices Jeannie watching her and smoking a cigarette. El ignores this, and continues on her journey. With a key, she slips into Sheen’s apartment and first and foremost feeds Albie some food, but he doesn’t want to eat. In the kitchen, when filling up the dog bowl with a water jug from from the fridge, when she closes the door, a painting falls off revealing a load of sloppily shot polaroids. 
	El’s in the midst of an amalgamated college party: music blasts and every single person at the party grooves hard to the hip hop beats, beer pours from the sink and overflows onto the floor, weed smoke needs to be hacked through with a machete. El fights her way out of the kitchen, passing a wet t-shirt contest, and into the living room. There she sees Omar, Micah,  Teddy and his girlfriend, and Walter all being interviewed by the paparazzi. Cameras flash around them, this is the party of the century, after all. Gary tries to ensnare three underage girls to come back to his place where it’s more quiet, and Sheen playfully calls him out. The music stops, the lights turn towards the front-door as Frank enters. He walks over to Sheen, life sucked from her, grabs her hand, and walks her over to the bedroom. El follows them, but the bedroom door closes before she can see what they’re up to.
	El opens the bedroom door, and there’s no one in there. It’s just a messy bed. Upon further  investigation, El spots specks of blood on the bedsheets. El opens up a bedside table drawer, and it’s filled with tiny baggies. El looks tiny bags up on google and all that pops up is bags for jewelry. She dismisses these bags. After taking quick snaps of what El considers to be evidence, she leaves the apartment. Jeannie smokes another cigarette outside of Sheen’s apartment, and confronts El upon her exit. El shows Jeannie a picture of Walter at one of Sheen’s parties, sending Jeannie on a tirade regarding her hate and true jealousy for Sheen.
	El sneaks back into her house, and just before she can get into her bedroom, someone stumbles out from the master bedroom, El and the shadowed individual make no notice of the other, and El hurries into her bedroom. El gets into her bed, and stares at the wall until the morning. First Dave knocks, he tells her it’s time for school, but El ignores him. Dave knocks again, reminding her to get ready. Then Sandra knocks, tells her it’s time for school. Dave knocks, and says it’s okay she stay home from school today. Once both of them finally leave the house, El breaks down to cry. The tears come slow at first, but then long, hard, and ugly. 
	El watches the morning news report while doing her schoolwork. When they finally get to mentioning Sheen for an albeit very brief moment, it’s reported as an accidental suicide due to drug overdose from a powerful fentanyl laced heroin. The anchors remind watchers to continue watching, for in the next hour they’ll be having a discussion with some pundits regarding the local opiate crisis, and a local celebrity close to Sheen, Frank will also be on tv. 
	El walks the dogs, and the dogs can’t really cheer her up. She gets mad at one of the dogs, and for a fraction of a second considers taking her anger out on one of the mutts, but recoils in disgust from her own anger, and over loves the potential doggie offender. 
	Hurrying home in time to catch the panel discussion on the news, she comes back in missing just a few minutes. A liberal and conservative pundit both pitch ridiculous concepts. They cut to a recording of Frank’s memorializing Sheen online, then to him live at the studio. He talks about how, Sheen never fucked with dope, she was only addicted to pills, and he thinks someone had it out for her, someone close to her. The anchor asks him about their frequent fights, and it cuts to multiple youtube videos chronicling their online battles, and he defers that he always loved her no matter how the media portrayed them. 
	El composes a list of prime suspects and then dives into their online profiles in attempts to discover more about them. 
	The next morning before Dave even tries to wake up El, she’s ready for school. She hurries out of the apartment before anyone could talk to her.
	El’s teacher hands tests back. Mia believes that El should lose points for being absent. The class gets rowdy as Mia taunts El. El cries, and the teacher sends her to the guidance counselor. 
	The guidance counselor, a giant spider, tries and makes her speak aloud. After confronting her for being foolish to spend time around people like Sheen who came through this same school and was a whore, she goes on to explain to El being mute is a choice. Just as the guidance counselor wraps El in her webs, El breaks free and escapes. 
	Robots patrol the hallways, and El breaks out of the school.
	Back at the apartments, Dave helps Mylo and ALEK empty out Sheen’s apartment. They toss her shit over the railing and into a dumpster below.  El watches them dump one of Sheen’s paintings into the dumpster and runs to confront them. She tries to grab one their about to throw away, is thwarted by Alek who throws it away anyway. El runs into Sheen’s art room to grab a painting, by Alek grabs that one from her too, and tosses it. Mylo explains how this is their property now. Dave agrees to pay for one painting for El. 
	She drags the painting back to her apartment and fixers it in her bedroom. After her interaction with the Russian brothers, El’s reminded of Mylo’s previous mentioning of the surveillance equipment posted all around the entire apartment complex. She emails Julian, and he responds immediately with a phone call, but El can’t answer the phone. He sends her an email inviting over to his office anytime during their business hours. She calls Gary’s business number, the voicemail picks up.
	At dinner, Sandra via Dave reminds El she needs to find a home for Albie. El tries to secure Albie’s position in the family, but Sandra won’t have it. El drops her food on the floor for Albie to gobble up, this sends Sandra into a tirade. Dave follows Sandra into their bedroom to argue, and El stays behind to clean up dinner. 
	After El finishes cleaning the kitchen, Dave comes out from the bedroom and scolds El. He reaffirms his position, siding with Sandra. “This is her house, and if she wants the dog to go then the dog has got to go.”
	El sneaks out of the apartment.
	She knocks on the college kid’s door. From inside a chorus yelling “come in!” 
	Inside a sudden death match unfolds between two warriors controlled by Omar and Micah. Mia tries to do her homework in the corner, Teddy and Ashely drink beers and Teddy awaits the next round. El hovers behind everyone, really unsure of where to go or sit while the violence explodes. Mia comes to collect El and offer her some guidance. Someone’s decapitated, blood splatters the crowd. The round ends, Micah the victor and Teddy up next. 
	Mia reminds everyone why El has come to visit, and they insist she can ask her questions while the next round takes place. El rallies a group chat, and messages everyone her questions. The boys playing, can’t read them and ask for them to be read aloud as she sends them. She sends them a picture of Gary, which prompts Mia to explain his level of creep and how aggressive he was with some of the girls. When the conversation moves to Frank, everyone showers him with praise. As the match winds down, Emily calls next on the game, and Teddy reminds her how shit of a player she is. Before El leaves, she thanks them for letting her walk the dog. Teddy says he never knew about that, and him and Mia get into a fight. 
	Moments after leaving the college dorm, she receives a video message from Frank. The volume of the video blasts, surprising El in the dark of night when all is meant to be quiet. He threatens her, pointing a gun directly at the camera. He warns her to stop inquiring into these matters, to simply just forget Sheen. She calls Gary, his voicemail has changed this time. 
	When El sneaks back into the house, Dave sees her coming back in but he doesn’t say anything. He wants to avoid whatever Sandra might stir up if she finds out what El’s been up to. He sends a look of dissent, and goes back to his room shoulders slouched. Knowing the jig is up, she throws caution to the wind, doubles down, and heads back out into the night.
	El requests a ride-share, and rides over to Julian’s house. She receives an email from someone at the local news station, they beckon her to send along whatever information she might have regarding the death of Sheen. Whilst riding, she contemplates the list of suspects.
	They pull up to a gated community, and need to request access to the development Julian lives in. Julian does not allow them to enter, he sends his brother in a car. El gets out from the ride-share, and gets into a blacked-out truck driven by Alek (the muscle brother from just before). 
	She rides to the house, pass through another gate, and then up to a mansion with a size not truly determinable just from looking at the exterior. Six similar cars are parked in the driveway. Alek pulls up, and never orders her to do anything, just lingers long enough to make El uncomfortable enough to hop out of the car on her own volition. 
	El works up the courage to knock on the door. Before the can make her first knock, the intercom buzzes to life beckoning her to come in. She tries the door, but it’s locked. As she tries to knock again, the door unlocks and pops open. Lo-end from heavy dance music whacks El, and she fights her way into a strobing darkness. A nightclub sounds somewhere close, and disorients El. She spins around in the foyer trying to keep her balance as the bass blasts her from multiple angles. 
	The second story chandelier ignites above her with a flame, and Julian, poised at the top of a long flight of stairs, calls to El. He’s wearing what seems to be nothing other than a long silk robe and a pair of boxers. As he descends the stairs, with charm, El tries to back away towards the front door. Double doors to the left of her burst open probably from the loud music, inside a party thrives, women dance in fuck-me pumps. Mean looking fellas, quickly close  the doors and lock em. To the right of El, another door bursts open, and a naked woman trying to flee, screaming and crying falls to the ground, and is carried off by another mean looking henchman. El tries to open the front door, but it’s locked.
	Julian, charm still on, wraps his arm around El’s shoulder, and ushers her down a flight of stairs that just appeared. Down a long flight of stairs, and into a room with surveillance cameras floor to ceiling. Julian sits her down in the one and only leather chair directly in the center of the room. With a remote, he ‘accidentally’ opens a side panel of automatic weapons on the side of the wall. El sees them before the panel closes. Julian asks her for the dates she wants to review. Then, on the bank of screens in front of her, he blasts different violent pornography on each screen. El hops out of the chair, up the flight of stairs, and out through the front door (already opened).  She runs and runs until her legs hurt and she’s by the entrance to the development.  
	She calls Dave, and he comes to pick her up. She composes her email to the journalist. As she is about to send it, Dave pulls up. She gets in the car. He isn’t mad, he’s scared cause he knows who lives there. And Dave’s scared of Sandra, he tells El that they’re all going to have to talk tomorrow. He says that Sandra has to know. El sends the email. 
	On her morning commute, El keeps refreshing the webpage in which her story is meant to appear. This is the quiet before the storm, a normal casual day, and for the first time in the film El stays until the end of the day. We see her amongst the crowd. 
	At school, the bullies approach. It’s high-noon, Mia draws her weapon, ready to shoot El in the face, but Emily swipes Mia’s hand as she fires—the bullets miss El—El closes the gap, taking bullets directly to the chest with a smile. She reaches Mia, and wraps her arms tightly around her. Mia, dumbfounded, doesn’t resists. El walks away, and then shortly thereafter so does Emily. 
	Emily follows behind El and tries to catch up to her. When she does, she tells her a bit of Mia’s past and how similar El and Mia really are.
	On the bus, Hugh tries to get her to come sit next to him again. El declines.
	Back at home, El walks the dogs. Some time passes, and Sandra comes back from work. When El gets back to the house, Sandra and Dave are ready to have their talk. They’re both posed just they way they were at the beginning of the film. They’re winding up to tell her she needs to get rid of the dog—but then the doorbell rings. Off Screen, Dave goes to see who it is, opens the door, and greets all the guests, saying hello and naming them as they file in one at a time into their tiny living room. 
	The trial begins. Each suspect interviews El, and she declines all of them over and over; a cacophony of non-consent building and building. Everyone reckons that the police officer should speak to El first, but Barb and Hugh insist they say their piece so they can get home quickly. 
	The police officer acquiesces, and Hugh and Barb take their position on the stand in order to give El a piece of their mind. But they have no stake in the game, El didn’t put them on the list of suspects. They just unload on her before being cut short, the officer kicks them off the stand. 
	The officer now conducting the courtroom, Albie the judge, madness almost takes over entirely. Officer Bob settles everyone down. 	Frank reveals his softer side. His online persona fake. 
	Mia is upset that El touched her.
	The media busts in, waves of people talking amongst themselves.
	Gary makes his appearance.
	The officer takes the stand, and lets El know that she has some surmountable crimes laid before her that could get her into a lot of trouble.
	When everyone’s gone, its’ just the three of them and the dog, and they’re all posed just like they were at the beginning. They tell El she must get rid of Albie, and with her voice she says, “no.”